Plan:
    Intro:
        1. General.
        2. Thesis.
        3. Link to another section.
    Body:
        1. Why computers?
        2. Agreement (Describe).
        3. Disagreement.
    Conclusion:
        1. General. 
        2. Opinion.


Computer skills could help to improve our speed as well as could damage
if having that skills for harmful time wastes.
Computer skills make our life experience easier as I encourage
the opinion of adding Computer skills to primary subjects in 
elementary schools, while others decide that it is too complicated 
for youngs.

First of all, computers make our works faster than we do 
usually. For instance, having typing skills many people would be 
able to write essays or messages quicker. Computer skills 
could be the mathematical skills of the next generation.
Computers are very fast and they have no issue solving 
difficult types of quizes. Other than Mathematics, Reading or Writing 
teaching computer to students can be the funniest and more attractive way of 
education.

Secondly, although the computers are so amazing to use 
they are harmful enough in order to damage eyes, make people lazy or 
even make people to get used to losing the balance and goals in life.
Especially for youngs and old adults, the Computers can be challenging to learn.
The best thing to mention that the some group of people  
have scaring point with Computers, generally thinking that Computers 
can have their own mind, develop theirselves as robots 
and manage our world without permission. However, that 
prediction is unbelievable and strange topic.

In conclusion, I think, the Computers are made to be used and 
we should use them for our benefits not for just gaming 
or fun. If we need to be given the luxure experience in 
the world, we have to put all of our efforts on learning.
When we have the option that makes our education process easier and 
more flexible, we had better learn computer skills to benefit ourselves. 





Plan: 
    Intro:
        1. General.
        2. Thesus.
    Body: 
        1. Negative (preferred)
        2. Postive
    Conclusion:
        1.Own opinion.